feat: Add support for POWERTOOLS_LOGGER_LOG_EVENT (#1510)
aws-powertools/powertools-lambda-java: docs/core/logging.md

| **functionName**        | String  | "example-powertools-HelloWorldFunction-1P1Z6B39FLU73"                                                |                                                                          |
| **functionVersion**     | String  | "12"                                                                                                 |                                                                          |
| **functionMemorySize**  | String  | "128"                                                                                                |                                                                          |
| **functionArn**         | String  | "arn:aws:lambda:eu-west-1:012345678910:function:example-powertools-HelloWorldFunction-1P1Z6B39FLU73" |                                                                          |
| **xray_trace_id**       | String  | "1-5759e988-bd862e3fe1be46a994272793"                                                                | X-Ray Trace ID when Lambda function has enabled Tracing                  |

> | **function_request_id** | String  | "899856cb-83d1-40d7-8611-9e78f15f32f4""                                                              | AWS Request ID from lambda context                                       |

Reviewer: sorry to say that but can we avoid this reformatting? will be a mess with v2...

Author: No big deal

## Capturing context Lambda info

You can enrich your structured logs with key Lambda context information via `logEvent` annotation parameter. 
You can also explicitly log any incoming event using `logEvent` param. Refer [Override default object mapper](#override-default-object-mapper) 
to customise what is logged.

> Note that the `logEvent` will work only if `POWERTOOLS_LOGGER_SAMPLE_RATE` environment variable is set to `"true"`

Reviewer: is it the python behaviour ?

I think it is either one or the other to have the event logged, not both

Reviewer: https://docs.powertools.aws.dev/lambda/python/latest/core/logger/#logging-incoming-event

Author: This is the TypeScript behavior:
https://github.com/aws-powertools/powertools-lambda-typescript/blob/aa2673d89a6676f4d9242773543876464b3b65ef/packages/logger/src/Logger.ts#L904

Reviewer: We should follow python. It's either one or the other, objective is to simplify job, users choose either programatic way or with env var, we don't want to complexify and require both. More over, if we require both, it becomes a breaking change and should go in v2.

You can also explicitly log any incoming event using `logEvent` param. Refer [Override default object mapper](#override-default-object-mapper) 
to customise what is logged.

> If you want to enable this event logging for all handlers, set `POWERTOOLS_LOGGER_SAMPLE_RATE` environment variable to `"true"`

Author: ```suggestion
When debugging in non-production environments, you can instruct Logger to log the incoming event with `@Logger(logEvent = true)` or via `POWERTOOLS_LOGGER_LOG_EVENT=true` environment variable.
```
